Pattern 1
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 2
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |owl:equivalentClass
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 3
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |owl:disjointWith
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 4
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:hasValue
  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 5
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:cardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 6
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onClass
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:qualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value

Pattern 7
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:maxCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 8
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onClass
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 9
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:minCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 10
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onClass
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 11
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 12
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |owl:equivalentClass
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 13
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |owl:disjointWith
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 14
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:hasValue
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 15
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:cardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 16
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onDataRange
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:qualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value

Pattern 17
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:maxCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 18
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:maxQualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onDataRange
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 19
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:minCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 20
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:minQualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |owl:onDataRange
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 21
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:FunctionalProperty, owl:InverseFunctionalProperty, owl:ObjectProperty, owl:SymmetricProperty, owl:TransitiveProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 22
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty, owl:FunctionalProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 23
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 24
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 25
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 26
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 27
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 28
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 29
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 30
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 31
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 32
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 33
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 34
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty

Pattern 35
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 36
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onDatatype
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:withRestrictions
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:minInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:maxInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 37
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:datatypeComplementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 38
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 39
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onDatatype
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:withRestrictions
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:minInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:maxInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 40
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:allValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:datatypeComplementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty

Pattern 41
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 42
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 43
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 44
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 45
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 46
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 47
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 48
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 49
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 50
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 51
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 52
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 53
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:intersectionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 54
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:unionOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 55
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 56
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 57
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:ObjectProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 58
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |  |  |owl:someValuesFrom
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

Pattern 59
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:complementOf
  |  |  |  |owl:Class

Pattern 60
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 61
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears 
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Restriction
  |  |  |owl:onDataRange
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:onDatatype
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |  |  |owl:withRestrictions
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:minInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:maxInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil
  |  |  |owl:onProperty
  |  |  |  |owl:DatatypeProperty
  |  |  |owl:qualifiedCardinality
  |  |  |  |Data value

Pattern 62
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears 
rdfs:Datatype
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onDatatype
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:withRestrictions
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:minInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:maxInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 63
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
owl:Class
  |rdfs:subClassOf
  |  |owl:Class
  |  |  |owl:oneOf
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |owl:NamedIndividual
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 64
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
rdfs:Datatype
  |owl:equivalentClass
  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:onDatatype
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:withRestrictions
  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:minInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:List
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:first
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdfs:Description
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |xsd:maxInclusive
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |Data value
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:rest
  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |rdf:nil

Pattern 65
Times
Different ontologies
Ontologies in which it appears
rdfs:Datatype
  |owl:equivalentClass
  |  |rdfs:Datatype
  |  |  |owl:datatypeComplementOf
  |  |  |  |rdfs:Datatype

